 OpenAI’s GPT Store to launch next week after delays OpenAI has announced that its GPT Store, a platform where users can sell and share custom AI agents created using OpenAI's GPT-4 large language model, will finally launch next week. An email was sent to individuals enrolled as GPT Builders that urges them to ensure their GPT creations... 5 January 2024 | Applications 
 MyShell releases OpenVoice voice cloning AI A new open-source AI called OpenVoice offers voice cloning with unprecedented speed and accuracy. Developed by researchers at MIT, Tsinghua University, and Canadian startup MyShell, OpenVoice uses just seconds of audio to clone a voice and allows granular control over tone, emotion,... 3 January 2024 | Applications 
 US Chief Justice: AI won’t replace judges but will ‘transform our work’ In the Federal Judiciary’s year-end report, US Chief Justice John Roberts addressed the potential impact of AI on the judicial system. In particular, he aimed to quell concerns about the obsolescence of judges in the face of technological advancements. "As 2023 draws to a close with... 2 January 2024 | Applications 
 AI & Big Data Expo: Maximising value from real-time data streams As digital transformation accelerates across industries, more and more companies are recognising the untapped value in their real-time data streams. Enterprise streaming analytics firm Streambased aims to help organisations extract impactful business insights from these continuous flows of... 19 December 2023 | Enterprise 
 Ethics, governance and data for good at the AI & Big Data Expo AI is more than a trend and it's also not a specialist space anymore. This year, the topic was embedded across the tech conference calendar in London—with every event packed full of people keen to learn and share their experiences. The AI & Big Data Expo stood out for its great... 19 December 2023 | Artificial Intelligence 
 AI & Big Data Expo: Ethical AI integration and future trends Grace Zheng, Data Analyst at Canon and Founder of Kosh Duo, recently sat down for an interview with AI News during AI & Big Data Expo Global to discuss integrating AI ethically as well as provide her insights around future trends. Zheng first explained how over a decade working... 18 December 2023 | Artificial Intelligence 
 Turning data into gold: 10 exceptional AI marketing campaign examples In the ever-changing realm of digital marketing, artificial intelligence (AI) has emerged as a revolutionary force, transforming raw data into marketing gold. This blog delves into the transformative impact of AI in marketing, exploring its diverse applications and showcasing ten exceptional AI... 18 December 2023 | Applications 
 AI & Big Data Expo: Unlocking the potential of AI on edge devices In an interview at AI & Big Data Expo, Alessandro Grande, Head of Product at Edge Impulse, discussed issues around developing machine learning models for resource-constrained edge devices and how to overcome them. During the discussion, Grande provided insightful perspectives on... 15 December 2023 | Artificial Intelligence 
 Google Cloud announces Imagen 2 text-to-image generator Google Cloud has introduced Imagen 2, the latest upgrade to its text-to-image capabilities. Available for Vertex AI customers on the allowlist, Imagen 2 enables users to craft and deploy photorealistic images using intuitive tooling and fully-managed... 14 December 2023 | Applications 
 Microsoft unveils 2.7B parameter language model Phi-2 Microsoft’s 2.7 billion-parameter model Phi-2 showcases outstanding reasoning and language understanding capabilities, setting a new standard for performance among base language models with less than 13 billion parameters. Phi-2 builds upon the success of its predecessors, Phi-1 and... 13 December 2023 | Artificial Intelligence 
 Dynatrace: Organisations embrace AI, yet face challenges Research from Dynatrace sheds light on the challenges and risks associated with AI implementation. The report underscores the need for a composite AI approach. This involves combining various AI types – such as generative, predictive, and causal – along with diverse data sources... 12 December 2023 | Applications 
 MIT publishes white papers to guide AI governance A committee of MIT leaders and scholars has published a series of white papers aiming to shape the future of AI governance in the US. The comprehensive framework outlined in these papers seeks to extend existing regulatory and liability approaches to effectively oversee AI while fostering its... 11 December 2023 | Artificial Intelligence 
 AI & Big Data Expo: Demystifying AI and seeing past the hype In a presentation at AI & Big Data Expo Global, Adam Craven, Director at Y-Align, shed light on the practical applications of AI and the pitfalls often overlooked in the hype surrounding it. Craven — with an extensive background in engineering and leadership roles at McKinsey... 7 December 2023 | Artificial Intelligence 
 AI multi-speaker lip-sync has arrived Rask AI, an AI-powered video and audio localisation tool, has announced the launch of its new Multi-Speaker Lip-Sync feature. With AI-powered lip-sync, 750,000 users can translate their content into 130+ languages to sound as fluent as a native speaker. For a long time, there... 7 December 2023 | Applications 
 Google’s next-gen AI model Gemini outperforms GPT-4 Google has unveiled Gemini, a cutting-edge AI model that stands as the company's most capable and versatile to date. Demis Hassabis, CEO and Co-Founder of Google DeepMind, introduced Gemini as a multimodal model that is capable of seamlessly understanding and combining various types... 6 December 2023 | Applications 
 Overcoming the ‘last mile problem’ in knowledge management: A guide for IT teams The concept of the "last mile problem" is widely recognised across various industries as the challenges faced in the final stage of delivering services or products from a central system to the end user's location. Although typically associated with telecommunications and transportation, its... 5 December 2023 | Artificial Intelligence 
 Absci and AstraZeneca forge AI partnership to discover cancer treatments Absci, a frontrunner in generative AI antibody discovery, has partnered with biopharmaceutical giant AstraZeneca to leverage AI in the quest for a novel cancer treatment. This collaboration will capitalise on Absci's Integrated Drug Creation platform—seamlessly integrating with... 4 December 2023 | Applications 
 AI & Big Data Expo: AI’s impact on decision-making in marketing In a presentation at AI & Big Data Expo Global, Jason Smith, Chief Digital Officer of Publicis Groupe, shared insights into the role of AI in reshaping decision-making processes within the realm of advertising and marketing. The focal point of Smith's presentation was a strategic... 1 December 2023 | Applications 
 Ampere Computing: Unlocking a Path to the Sustainable Cloud AI News caught up with Victor Jakubiuk, Head of AI at Ampere Computing, a semiconductor company offering Cloud Native Processors. We discussed how they are driving high-performance, scalable and energy-efficient solutions built for the sustainable cloud.In today's... 30 November 2023 | Artificial Intelligence 
 AWS and NVIDIA expand partnership to advance generative AI Amazon Web Services (AWS) and NVIDIA have announced a significant expansion of their strategic collaboration at AWS re:Invent. The collaboration aims to provide customers with state-of-the-art infrastructure, software, and services to fuel generative AI innovations. The collaboration... 29 November 2023 | Amazon 
 Global AI security guidelines endorsed by 18 countries The UK has published the world's first global guidelines for securing AI systems against cyberattacks. The new guidelines aim to ensure AI technology is developed safely and securely. The guidelines were developed by the UK's National Cyber Security Centre (NCSC) and the US’... 27 November 2023 | Artificial Intelligence 
 Inflection-2 beats Google’s PaLM 2 across common benchmarks Inflection, an AI startup aiming to create "personal AI for everyone", has announced a new large language model dubbed Inflection-2 that beats Google's PaLM 2. Inflection-2 was trained on over 5,000 NVIDIA GPUs to reach 1.025 quadrillion floating point operations (FLOPs), putting it... 23 November 2023 | Artificial Intelligence 
 Anthropic upsizes Claude 2.1 to 200K tokens, nearly doubling GPT-4 San Francisco-based AI startup Anthropic has unveiled Claude 2.1, an upgrade to its language model that boasts a 200,000-token context window—vastly outpacing the recently released 120,000-token GPT-4 model from OpenAI. The release comes on the heels of an expanded partnership... 22 November 2023 | Applications 
 Paul O’Sullivan, Salesforce: Transforming work in the GenAI era In the wake of the generative AI (GenAI) revolution, UK businesses find themselves at a crossroads between unprecedented opportunities and inherent challenges. Paul O'Sullivan, Senior Vice President of Solution Engineering (UKI) at Salesforce, sheds light on the complexities of... 21 November 2023 | Applications 
 Microsoft recruits former OpenAI CEO Sam Altman and Co-Founder Greg Brockman AI experts don’t stay jobless for long, as evidenced by Microsoft’s quick recruitment of former OpenAI CEO Sam Altman and Co-Founder Greg Brockman. Altman, who was recently ousted by OpenAI’s board for reasons that have had no shortage of speculation, has found a new home at... 20 November 2023 | Artificial Intelligence 
 Umbar Shakir, Gate One: Unlocking the power of generative AI ethically Ahead of this year’s AI & Big Data Expo Global, Umbar Shakir, Partner and AI Lead at Gate One, shared her insights into the diverse landscape of generative AI (GenAI) and its impact on businesses. From addressing the spectrum of use cases to navigating digital... 17 November 2023 | Artificial Intelligence 
 Amdocs, NVIDIA and Microsoft Azure build custom LLMs for telcos Amdocs has partnered with NVIDIA and Microsoft Azure to build custom Large Language Models (LLMs) for the $1.7 trillion global telecoms industry. Leveraging the power of NVIDIA's AI foundry service on Microsoft Azure, Amdocs aims to meet the escalating demand for data processing and... 16 November 2023 | Artificial Intelligence 
 Kinetic Consulting launches Macky AI – the first AI business consulting platform available to any business Kinetic Consulting, the leading boutique consulting company providing business growth consultancy, has released macky.ai, the first AI business consulting platform that offers any organisation an easy, non-prompt-based AI consulting solution for up to 55 different business categories. The... 16 November 2023 | Artificial Intelligence 
 Wolfram Research: Injecting reliability into generative AI The hype surrounding generative AI and the potential of large language models (LLMs), spearheaded by OpenAI’s ChatGPT, appeared at one stage to be practically insurmountable. It was certainly inescapable. More than one in four dollars invested in US startups this year went to an AI-related... 15 November 2023 | Applications 
